Code for Python, Flask server.
Add route "/" with GET method and return index.html
Add route "/jpgtopng" with GET method and return jpgtopng.html
Add route "/pngtojpg" with GET method and return pngtojpg.html
Add route "/webptopng" with GET method and return webptopng.html
Add route "/bmptopng" with GET method and return bmptopng.html
Add route "/pngtopdf" with GET method and return pngtopdf.html


//2

Code for index.html file. create a div and add these 5 links as list in it with href= appropiate route from our flask server.
JPG to PNG converter
PNG to JPG converter
WEBP to PNG converter
BMP to PNG converter
PNG to PDF converter


// 3

Code for jpgtopng.html file.
Display input form , so user can select image from their computer.
Also add a "Convert to PNG" button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is jpg format and less than 5 MB
if true then send POST request to route "/api/jpgtopng" with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not jpg format

Code for pngtojpg.html file.
Display input form , so user can select image from their computer.
Also add a "Convert to JPG" button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is png format and less than 5 MB
if true then send POST request to route "/api/pngtojpg" with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not png format

Code for webptopng.html file.
Display input form , so user can select image from their computer.
Also add a "Convert to PNG" button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is webp format and less than 5 MB
if true then send POST request to route "/api/webptopng" with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not webp format

Code for bmptopng.html file.
Display input form , so user can select image from their computer.
Also add a "Convert to PNG" button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is bmp format and less than 5 MB
if true then send POST request to route "/api/bmptopng" with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not bmp format

Code for pngtopdf.html file.
Display input form , so user can select image from their computer.
Also add a "Convert to PDF" button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is png format and less than 5 MB
if true then send POST request to route "/api/pngtopdf" with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not png format


//4

for flask server, create a route "/api/jpgtopng" with POST method.
take the image from parameter and convert into PNG. make response object with image
as downloadable attachment and return it.

for flask server, create a route "/api/pngtojpg" with POST method.
convert png image from parameter into JPG format
just return JPG image as downloadable attachment.

for flask server, create a route "/api/webptopng" with POST method.
convert webp image from parameter into PNG format
just return PNG image as downloadable attachment.

for flask server, create a route "/api/bmptopng" with POST method.
convert bmp image from parameter into PNG format
just return PNG image as downloadable attachment.

for flask server, create a route "/api/pngtopdf" with POST method.
convert png image from parameter into PDF format
just return PDF file as downloadable attachment.